This file descirbes the sources for the Rlabkey package and a number of additional files and folders for developers intending to build the Rlabkey package.  


Contents of lktrunk/remoteapi/r:

Rlabkey.Rcheck		Temprory folder created by "check" target of build, contains intermediate files for validation checks 
build			directory where packages are built, not checked into project.
latest			Contains latest built packages checked in to project
test			Contains R script file designed to connect to a LabKey instance on localhost with a project named apisamples.  
			The list dataset referenced by this test can be created by importing the list archive listArchive.zip
doc			The source files for the Users Guide, plus a latex doc and corresponding Pdf describing the package build environment.	
			PDFCreator is Windows-based driver used to render the Word document into a pdf file.
			
Rlabkey: Root of all source code for both documentation and R code. 
	contents	table of contents for documetaion files, generated by build
	DESCRIPTION 	text manifest file specifying version number, dependencies, and other properties.  Developer maintained.
	license		Apache 2.0 licences covering Rlabkey
	NAMESPACE	specifies the public function names.  Developer maintained.
	NEWS		Document of change history for this project, developer maintaind.
	
	inst/doc	Folder for vignette hookup documents
		RlabkeyExample.pdf, .R, .Rnw  	Three files that make up the official "latex" way to create package vignettes.  
						The official vignette pages acts as a pointer to the userguide.
		usersguide.pdf			The pdf version of the source document found in \lktrunk\remoteapi\r\docs, printed to pdf format
	
	man		Source files for function-by-function refernece documentation.  After a successful build, 
			a final pdf of the function reference documentation can be found in Rlabkey.Rcheck/Rlabkey-manual.pdf.

	R		R Source files for package functions

	src		Source files for a faster implentation of Json parsing for retrieved data.  Written in C, build occurs at package build time for windows, 
			and at package install time for unix
			
						
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Building:Rlabkey

Install all the components needed, as described in docs/updateRPkgs.pdf.
Run ant check, then ant build.


